## FunctionDef main

Documentation for Main:

Introduction:
-------------

The main function is the entry point of the program, and it is responsible for setting up and running the simulated annealing algorithm with 2-opt. The function takes no arguments and has no return values.

Setting Simulated Annealing Algorithm Parameters:
-----------------------------------------------

Inside the main function, we set the parameters of the simulated annealing algorithm. These parameters include:

* temperature (temp): This is the starting temperature for the simulated annealing algorithm, and it is set to 1000.
* stopping temperature (stopping_temp): This is the temperature at which the simulated annealing algorithm will stop if no improvement in the solution has been found after a certain number of iterations. We set this to 0.00000001, indicating that the algorithm should stop when the temperature is very close to zero.
* alpha (alpha): This is the cooling rate for the simulated annealing algorithm, and it is set to 0.9995. This value determines how quickly the temperature decreases during the algorithm's execution.
* stopping iteration (stopping_iter): This is the maximum number of iterations that the simulated annealing algorithm will run for before stopping. We set this to 10000000, indicating that the algorithm should run for at least one million iterations.

Setting Dimensions of Grid:
--------------------------

Next, we set the dimensions of the grid on which the simulated annealing algorithm will operate. These dimensions include:

* size width (size_width): This is the number of nodes in the horizontal direction that make up the grid. We set this to 200.
* size height (size_height): This is the number of nodes in the vertical direction that make up the grid. We set this to 200.

Generating Random List of Nodes:
------------------------------

Next, we generate a random list of nodes for the simulated annealing algorithm to operate on. The NodeGenerator class is used to generate these nodes.

Running Simulated Annealing Algorithm with 2-Opt:
---------------------------------------------

With the list of nodes generated, we now run the simulated annealing algorithm with 2-opt. We pass the list of nodes, the temperature, alpha, stopping temperature, and stopping iteration as parameters to the SimulatedAnnealing class constructor. The anneal() method is then called on the object to execute the algorithm.

Animating:
----------

After running the simulated annealing algorithm with 2-opt, we animate the solutions generated by the algorithm using the animateSolutions() method of the SimulatedAnnealing class. This method generates a visual representation of the solutions found by the algorithm.

Showing Improvement over Time:
-------------------------------

Finally, we show the improvement in the objective function value over time using the plotLearning() method of the SimulatedAnnealing class. This method plots the objective function values generated by the algorithm as a function of the number of iterations.

Notes:
-----

* The simulated annealing algorithm with 2-opt is run for at least one million iterations, and it will stop if no improvement in the solution has been found after a certain number of iterations.
* The cooling rate (alpha) determines how quickly the temperature decreases during the execution of the algorithm, and we set this to 0.9995.
* The temperature at which the algorithm stops is determined by the stopping temperature, and we set this to 0.00000001, indicating that the algorithm should stop when the temperature is very close to zero.
